Improve non ascii checker (#5643)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.13.rst

  Closes #5460

> * Add ``non-ascii-identifier`` as replacement ``non-ascii-name``
>    to ensure really __all__ Python names are ASCII.
>    Checker now checks properly the names of imports (``non-ascii-module-import``) as
>    well for as of file names (``non-ascii-file-name``).
>    Non ASCII characters could be homoglyphs (look alike characters) and hard to
>    enter on a non specialized keyboard.
>    See `Confusable Characters in PEP 672 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0672/#confusable-characters-in-identifiers>`_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed  ``non-ascii-name`` to ``non-ascii-identifier`` and rewrote the checker.
   It now ensures __all__ Python names are ASCII and also properly
   checks the names of imports (``non-ascii-module-import``) as
   well as file names (``non-ascii-file-name``) and emits their respective new warnings.
   
   Non ASCII characters could be homoglyphs (look alike characters) and hard to
   enter on a non specialized keyboard.
   See `Confusable Characters in PEP 672 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0672/#confusable-characters-in-identifiers>`_

```

Removed checkers
================

> * ``non-ascii-name`` has replaced by ``non-ascii-identifier``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``non-ascii-name`` has been renamed to ``non-ascii-identifier``
```
